Doctor
No need to give him anesthesia
Since he is so reluctant to part with his flesh and blood
Just let them stay a few more seconds
Let him feel it
I share another pain
This kind of pain is unbearable
Don't be kidding.
Why would I want to joke with you?
I must have owed the money and given it.
Do what I tell you to do.
Hand it over to you
up to date
I understand that your kindness is aimed at me with your left hand
The heart!
You today
Go and trim the tree in front of that house
Good housekeeper
Where is Ofer? Where is he?
That little bitch
Can you also call the lady by her first name?
Say it
At the Hengtong Hotel
Today, Mr. Lu returns to China
Prepare a birthday party for the lady there
Mr. And Mrs. And Miss are here